Add clarity to docs surrounding command line arguments, suggest data-dir when syncing, and polishing up for mainnet (#2527)
status-im/nim-beacon-chain: docs/the_nimbus_book/src/troubleshooting.md

```
./run-pyrmont-beacon-node.sh --nat:extip:35.124.65.104
```
### noCommand does not accept arguments

> When starting nimbus and you get, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If, on start,  you see
```

```The command 'noCommand' does not accept arguments```

> Make sure that your command line flags are in the format of `--foo=bar`, `--baz`, or `--foo-bar=qux`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Double check to see if your command line flags are in the correct format, i.e. `--foo=bar`, `--baz`, or `--foo-bar=qux`.
```
